And welcome back.
I hope you are able to solve that nice little simple problem to start off the course.
I know we talked a lot about S-sh and your brain might be hurting right now but the simple act of using
S-sh with good hub should really really make sense.
Now we know exactly what we're doing right.
If we wanted to connect to get Hobb and make sure that get hub trusts this computer that we're working
on.
Well we'll simply go into our S-sh folder.
We'll look through some more of our keys and we see that we have a lot of keys but most of the time
we can just use one generic one if you want a separate key for each one of your S-sh clients then that's
up to you as well.
If I wanted to connect to I could always do the Keiji and command
and actually get a recommends generating your S-sh key if you don't have one like this.
You can read about the parameters that they involve here and once you've created this key you simply
as we know copy onto her clipboard and just to make sure that we're going to be using the ski weekend
just to S-sh at with the key that we want to say we're using the regular one and once we've copied that
we have everything set up.
We go into settings within settings so we go to S-sh and we can add a new S-sh key we can call it whatever
you want to distinguish it let's just say my laptop and I just copy and paste the key
wants a click add S-sh all Olasky to confirm with your password and you'll see that the key right now
that I've created is a block key.
And in order to connect Initially you'll have to first try it out.
So you can clone a repo and try your S-sh key and see if it all works.
So again we have we can use S-sh to copy
and let's just go to
desktop and it's clear that and by the way just so you know to manage multiple identities like I have
I can just do S-sh and
dash.
Hell is going to give me a list of all identities that I have.
If I do slow Dashti it removes all the identities and now I can just simply do as I say.
Add this to the new Digital Ocean to the entity that I created.
Again if I do as a sage add dash L I see that this is my identity that I created.
And now if I get clone or repo it's a little report that I have I'm able to clone it using S-sh and
you can see over here that the key is now green means it's all working very cool.
OK.
Now to summarize everything we all know what's happening with S-sh now and the cool thing about it is
that we now have a way to communicate with any server that we want.
Theoretically if he had let's say five different computers let's say are raspberry pies you can do something
like S-sh with this command and enter into a server and then from there you can S-sh into the next computer.
If you really know the path and so on and so on just by doing this you hop from one computer to the
next tunneling yourself to your destination computer which is very very cool.
I think it's called anyway.
I hope you enjoy that section.
Things are going to get even more fun after this.
We're going to be using S-sh later on in the videos as well.
But now that we have a nice foundation we should feel comfortable on our first day of the job.
I'll see in the next one by.